[Cameraman] Mmmm yeah!
Awesome! Awesome!
Aw, make me feel it, baby!
[Editor] Fantastic, isn't she?
[Manager] She's our agency's
most sought-after model.
[Editor] You got any guys?
Someone who could hold their
own in a shoot with Megu-tan?
[Manager] I'll give it
a shot. But hey, can't
promise you anything.
[Yamato] Look, Mei.
[Mei] Wow. He's usually
more cautious than that.
[Yamato] Well, he's
friendly most of the time.
He's just shy and high-strung.
Right?
Ow! I guess he was being
high-strung that time.
Are you okay?
Uh, yeah. I'll live.
Cats can get a little chewy
when you get them too wound up.
[Yamato] You don't think
he hates me, do you?
[Mei] You're fine, trust me.
He wouldn't let you anywhere
near him if he hated you.
[Yamato] Okay.
[Yamato] What about you?
[Mei] Hm?
[Yamato] Do you like me?
Where did that come from?
[Mei's phone vibrates]
[Yamato] Who's it from?
Uh, um, my mom.
[Yamato] You gonna
text her back?
Yeah. I will a little later.
[Yamato] Okay.
[Yamato] What do you want
to do on the way home today?
Wanna stop somewhere?
[Mei] Um... I'm busy today.
[Yamato] What about tomorrow?
[Mei] I have to work.
[Yamato] Ah ha! You're
cutting me off for a while.
[Mei] It-it's not that...
I'm sorry...
[Yamato] I know.
[Nakanishi] Yamato!
[Asami] Hey!
What the heck?! Did
something good happen
that I outta know about?
Something good?
You've got a dirty
little mind, Yamato.
[Yamato] What?
[Asami] The two of you
are happy too, aren't you?
[Nakanishi] Things are
going well with you and
Tachibana, right?
So tell everybody how happy
you are! Know what I mean?!
Like me and my honey, Asamicchi!
You're such a dummy, Takeshi.
[Nakanishi] A dummy in love,
baby. A dummy in love.
[Asami and Nakanishi giggle]
[Mei] They're delicious!
How do you do it?
[Nagi] I guess you could
say I put my heart into
everything I make.
As long as you take your
time and don't cut corners,
it'll always be
naturally tasty.
I-I believe you.
But I still don't think I've got
an ounce of pastry chef in me.
I'll text you a recipe later
that even you can handle.
Really?
No way! I'll still find
a way to mess it up.
[Nagi] Hey!
I can't do it without
your phone number.
[Yamato] Nakanishi and
Asami sure are doing well.
They're getting hormones
all over the place.
But, it's cute.
I like seeing the two of them
happy. They deserve it, yanno.
Yeah. They do.
[Mei] Well, bye for now.
Mei.
Um, Kurosawa?
Yamato.
I'd really like it if
you called me by my name.
I'm... I'm just not
ready to do that.
Not yet.
I'll get you to say it one day,
Get ready for that day, Mei-san.
[Mei] So, first
I sift the flour.
Why do I need to do
that when I mix it later?
How many eggs again?
Can I use a colander?
[Ms. Tachibana] I'm home!
Now this is unusual. So
what are you making for us?
[Mei] Uh, nothing...
You're home early.
[Ms. Tachibana] Really? I told
you when I'd be coming home.
Oooh, cookies, huh?
Uh, what?!
For your boyfriend?
No! Um, uh...
I put too much flour!
What should I do?!
That's my clumsy girl.
[Girl 1] You're
kidding. Seriously?
[Girl 2] Seriously, she
went to the faculty
office to greet them.
Hey, Momo-chan. It's me,
Megu. Long time no talk.
Yeah, it's near the agency.
[Students talking
and gasping in awe]
[Megumi] Yeah, that's
right. Anyway...
I found the perfect
place, so I moved.
Talk to you later.
'Kay! See ya. Thanks a lot!
[Nakanishi] Yamato!
[Yamato] Hm?
[Nakanishi] Yamato, Yamato!
Have you heard? This is huge!
Huh?
It's Megu-tan! Megu-tan!
Calm down. What's Megu-tan?
You don't know who Megu-tan
is?! Give me a break!
[Nakanishi] Feast
your eyes, baby!
[Yamato] Hey!
[Nakanishi] Dessert's top
model, Megumi Kitagawa,
is transferring to our
school, Yamato, you dunce!
Yamato?
M-Megu-tan?
Good afternoon.
[Asami] Megu-tan, your
face is so small.
[Boy 1] Are you really
transferring here?
[Nakanishi] You're so thin!
[Boy 2] Have you already
been assigned a class?
Hey, would you like to exchange
cell numbers with me, Megu-tan?
You just can't ask
her to do that, idiot.
Sorry you guys. I-I hate
to break the news to you,
but I don't have anymore
room in my contacts.
Maybe another time.
Can you send me postcards
and letters?
Sure.
[Girl 1] Can you believe
it? Megu-tan transferred
to our school!
[Girl 2] Think she can
get us into a photoshoot?
[Megumi] Yamato-kun.
Huh? Kitaigawa.
I know this is kind of sudden.
Yamato-kun, are you spoken for?
[Yamato] What?
Of course you've got
a girlfriend, my bad.
Huh?
Let me be direct about this.
I want to have a relationship
with you as well,
if you don't mind.
I'm a believer in love
at first sight, Kurosawa.
I feel like my prince
has appeared out of some
storybook fantasy.
I want you to walk by my side,
like the prince that you are.
I don't care if you're already
dating someone else.
The two of us would be seriously
awesome as a couple.
Since we're both stars and all.
Not happening.
So you know, girls who only
care about their looks and
their appearance
just turn me off.
Hey Mei!
I've been waiting for you.
Sorry. I was on cleaning duty.
It's all good. Let's go.
[Mei] Okay.
[Megumi] I'm sorry!
I'm really sorry for acting all
obnoxious with you yesterday.
I really didn't know you
had a serious girlfriend.
Ah, this is...
Awkward. I hope you can
see me from now on as just
another one of your
regular classmates.
If that's okay with you, I mean.
I'm hoping I can be a
friend to both of you.
Oh, uh...
I don't mind, really.
[Yamato] Yeah.
I was a little tough on
you yesterday. I'm sorry.
Oh, that's awesome!
You can't imagine how much
of a relief that is to me!
What happened between
you guys anyway?
Yeah, spill it!
Nothing worth losing
any sleep over.
Ask Yamato-kun about it.
What?
What happened, Yamato? Tell me!
[Yamato] Aren't you curious
about what happened?
[Mei] Huh?
Um, did something happen?
[Yamato] Nothing
worth mentioning.
[Mei] Okay, then.
[Yamato] You shouldn't
accept it so easily.
[Mei] What?
Well, it really was
nothing, so it's fine.
[Megumi giggles] Tachibana-san.
Good morning ladies.
Oh, Megu-tan, your
uniform arrived!
It sure did. I'm so glad we
finally match. Sweet right?
It looks super cute
on you, Megu-tan!
[Asami] Right?
[Mei] Mmhmm.
Oh, I need to go
back to my classroom.
Hold on. Doesn't class
D have biology next?
Don't you have to change rooms?
I didn't know that.
Where's the biology lab?
[Asami gasp]
[Megumi] Huh?
Yamato, Megu-tan doesn't
know where all the
classrooms are yet.
Would you mind
showing her around?
[Yamato] Yeah, sure.
Oh, you will?
Thanks a lot, Yamato-kun!
[Girl 1] It's Megu-tan.
She's so pretty.
We need to hurry up.
Uh, yeah.
See you later.
See you guys later!
[Girl 2] She and Kurosawa
look so normal together.
[Girl 3] I know, right? They
have this aura together.
[Girl 4] Isn't it amazing just
thinking about them together?
[Megumi] Sorry. I just
moved here, so my only
friend is Momo-chan.
People won't really talk to me.
I mean, talk to me
like I'm just me.
Ha, I don't think
they can help it.
It's a little intimidating
having a magazine model sharing
a classroom with them.
What? But I'm not
that big a star.
But you know, you could totally
be a model, if you wanted to.
Oh that's right! My agency's
totally looking for
a hot new guy to put up in front
of a magazine like Dessert.
No. No way.
Don't knock it till you try it.
You'd be one of the top names
in the business in no time.
[Yamato] Still not doin' it.
[Megumi] Why not? What a waste.
[Kitchen timer dings]
Ah, it's brittle!
I guess I'm past the
weaponized cookies phase.
Now it's time for
the taste test.
No taste... at all!
[Nagi] I guess you could
say I put my heart into
everything I make.
I'm trying to do that,
but it won't work!
[Marshmellow growls in digust]
You too, kitty?
Not trying to kill
the cat, are you?
Well, don't let
it get you down.
[Nakanishi] What?!
[Asami] You're gonna
be a model?!
No, it's not like I'm
gonna do it full-time.
I'm just filling
in for the day.
[Asami] What do you mean?
[Yamato] Kitagawa's agency
[Yamato] is in trouble
because they don't have
enough male models,
so I couldn't refuse.
I mean, one day shouldn't
mess up my schedule too much.
I know you're gonna make
a great model, Yamato-kun.
[Asami] Wow, you're so lucky!
So they'll do makeup and
take pictures of you?
[Megumi] Yep! Hey, would
you guys be interested
in seeing the studio?
[Yamato] What? Hey, Kitagawa...
[Nakanishi & Asami] What?!
Yes! We'd love to see it!
[Nakanishi] Hardly anyone
gets to watch Megu-tan work.
[Yamato] Hold on... You'll
get in the way of the staff.
[Megumi] No, they won't.
We have people come
watch all the time.
[Asami] Aw yeah! We're in!
[Yamato] Seriously?
[Megumi] Mei-chan, you'll
come, too, won't you?
You comin', right?
[Mei] Mmhmm.
[Yamato] Wha-what?
You're coming, too?
Unless you don't want
me to, Kurosawa.
No, I don't mind you being
there, it's just that it'll
be embarrassing...
[Megumi] Anyway, Yamato-kun.
Someone from my agency wants to
meet you before the shoot to go
over the ground rules with you.
Are you free after school today?
Well... I usually
walk home with Mei.
Don't let me get in your way.
It sounds like an important
meeting, so maybe you should
go ahead and meet them.
[Megumi] Thanks,
Mei-chan! Sorry.
[Yamato] Are you sure?
[Mei] We don't have to walk
home together every day.
It's fine with me, really.
[Megumi] My agency's president
saw a picture of you,
and he likes you. He won't stop
talking about meeting you.
Sorry.
[Yamato] Well, I guess I can go.
[Megumi] Great!
It's been a while since
I walked home by myself.
I've been going with Kurosawa
all the time lately.
Every step feels so long...
Why am I having these thoughts?
Today's theme is
lovers on a date.
Try to show some movement.
Okay. Show some movement.
[Editor] Thoughts? Too bright?
[Cameraman] Should we
change the lighting?
[Stylist] Why don't we start
with her holding a bag?
This is amazing. They're
so professional.
You suppose they're ready yet?
I'm sure they will be soon.
[Stylist] Megumi-chan's
good to go.
Let's have a great
shoot everyone!
Wow! Megu-tan, you're so cute!
Hey! You guys Made it!
[Asami] Yeah! You
look so pretty!
[Megumi] Thanks a lot!
You really are amazing.
It's like you have
a special aura.
Mmhmm!
[Megumi] Do you really think so?
[Nakanishi] Yeah, for sure!
[Asami] Yeah, for sure!
[Stylist] Yamato-kun is ready.
[Asami] Wow!
[Nakanishi] Whoa!
Whoa! You really showed up!
This is so embarrassing...
Look at that wild hairdo!
Uh, um, what should I be doing?
Imagine you're with someone
you like... on a date.
[Cameraman] That's
it! Adorable, guys!
Come on! We're supposed
to be having fun!
Right?
Uh, s-sure thing.
[Megumi] Yamato-kun,
you're a natural!
[Yamato] Really? You think so?
[Megumi] Really! I would know.
[Cameraman] Good!
Perfect! That is it!
[Asami] Yamato looks
like a real model.
[Nakanishi] Yeah. They
look like a real couple...
Uh, I mean, in that scenario.
[Cameraman] Get closer
together. Try holding hands.
Yeah, like ya know
each other! Oh!
[Editor] Those two
make a perfect couple.
No doubt about it.
Those two are awesome.
[Editor] Megu-tan's
super into it today.
[Manager] Even I'm gettin'
giddy over here.
[Editor] Yeah, I
know what you mean.
[Mei] Yamato's...
he's shining so brightly.
There's happiness in
the air, and yet...
Worry...
Inferiority...
Loneliness...
Why am I feeling these things?
Why do I feel like Yamato
is drifting away from me?
Why am I suddenly feeling
like I'm not good enough
for him anymore?
Just let me know...
Why?
For some reason, I've felt
anxious since Yamato's
modeling debut.
I definitely shouldn't be like
this! Cheerful, be cheerful!
Yay! I'm so happy!
I feel even sadder now...
[Marshmellow] You can hold me
when you feel sad, meow.